
=====================================================================================
7th ACM SIGPLAN International Workshop on Functional Art, Music, Modelling and Design
			Call for Performances
		  Berlin, Germany, 23th August 2019
			 Deadline: June 2019
=====================================================================================

Functional Programming has emerged as a mainstream software
development paradigm, and its artistic and creative use is booming. A
growing number of environments for art, music and design now employ
functional programming languages and techniques. The ACM SIGPLAN
International Workshop on Functional Art, Music, Modelling and Design
(also known as FARM) gathers together people who are harnessing
functional programming techniques in the pursuit of creativity and
expression. Our seventj workshop takes place in Berlin Germany, on 23
August 2019, as part of the International Conference on Functional
Programming.

FARM also hosts a traditional evening of performances. For this year’s
event, FARM 2019 is seeking proposals for live performances which
employ functional programming techniques, in whole or in part. We
would like to support a diverse range of performing arts, including
music, dance, video animation, and performance art.

We encourage both risk-taking proposals which push forward the state
of the art and refined presentations of highly-developed practice. In
either case, please support your submission with a clear description
of your performance including how your performance employs functional
programming and a discussion of influences and prior art as
appropriate.

Submission process
===================

Please submit a brief outline/programme note (100-200 words), a stable
link to a single video example, possibly a stable link to one
additional audio example, and a short biography (100-150 words for
each contributor).

Please include a complete technical description of what is needed from
the organizers for your performance, including equipment, space
requirements, and internet access. We are unlikely to be able to
accommodate performances exceeding 20 minutes in length.

We prefer submissions in plaintext/markdown, odf (libre office),
doc/docx (microsoft word) or pdf formats.

Send your submission to: performance@functional-art.org

We will confirm receipt by return.

Note: If you have previously submitted a performance proposal via
EasyChair, and it adheres to the above guidelines, there is no need to
resubmit.  Performance Venue

The venue for the evening FARM performances will be announced soon.
Documentation

A summary of the performances will be published as part of the
conference proceedings. As with presentations, all performances at
FARM 2019 will be recorded. Permission to publish the resulting video
(in all probability on YouTube, along with the videos of ICFP itself
and the other ICFP-colocated events) will be requested on-site.

Finances
========

Unfortunately we are not able to offer an artist fee. In order to
support broad participation we are able to offer the following, thanks
to the support of ICFP and its sponsors.

- If you are an independent artist performing in the evening, but not
  presenting a paper during the daytime workshop, we are able to offer
  free registration to the workshop, and may also be able to support
  inland travel expenses in some circumstances.

- If you do not fit the description of “independent artist who is not
  presenting a paper at the workshop”, but would nonetheless have
  financial difficulty attending, there is still the opportunity to
  apply for conference “PAC” funds.

Please get in touch for more information in either case.

Performance Chairs
==================

- Timo Dufner,
- Michael Sperber, Active Group

Key Dates
=========
Submission deadline	                28th June 2019
Notification                            5st July 2019
FARM workshop + performance evening 	23th August 2019

Questions
=========

Please direct all questions and suggestions to the performance chairs
(Timo Dufner, Mike Sperber): performance@functional-art.org
