---
layout: default
title: FARM 2022
active: farm2022
---

## 9th ACM SIGPLAN International Workshop on Functional Art, Music, Modeling and Design (FARM)

<img src="/files/farm-lambda-small.jpg" style="float: right; margin: 10px;" />

**16th September, 2022**, co-virtual with
[ICFP 2022](https://icfp21.sigplan.org/), held in Ljubljana, Slovenia.

### About

The ACM SIGPLAN International Workshop on Functional Art, Music,
Modelling and Design (FARM) gathers together people who are harnessing
functional techniques in the pursuit of creativity and expression.

Functional Programming has emerged as a mainstream software
development paradigm, and its artistic and creative use is booming. A
growing number of software toolkits, frameworks and environments for
art, music and design now employ functional programming languages and
techniques. FARM is a forum for exploration and critical evaluation of
these developments, for example to consider potential benefits of
greater consistency, tersity, and closer mapping to a problem domain.

FARM encourages submissions from across art, craft and design,
including textiles, visual art, music, 3D sculpture, animation, GUIs,
video games, 3D printing and architectural models, choreography,
poetry, and even VLSI layouts, GPU configurations, or mechanical
engineering designs. Theoretical foundations, language design,
implementation issues, and applications in industry or the arts are
all within the scope of the workshop. The language used need not be
purely functional (“mostly functional” is fine), and may be manifested
as a domain specific language or tool. Moreover, submissions focusing
on questions or issues about the use of functional programming are
within the scope.

-------

### Workshop Organization

**Workshop Chair**: [Youyou Cong](https://prg.is.titech.ac.jp/people/cong/) (Tokyo Institute of Technology)

**Program Chair**: [John Leo](http://www.halfaya.org/leo/) (Halfaya Research)

**Performance Chair**: [Luka Frelih](https://wiki.ljudmila.org/Luka_Frelih_CV) (Ljudmila Art & Science Laboratory)

**Publicity Chair**: [Michael Sperber](https://www.deinprogramm.de/sperber/) (Active Group GmbH)

### Code of Conduct

FARM adheres to ICFP 2020's
[Code of Conduct](http://icfp20.sigplan.org/attending/code-of-conduct).
